Add 3pcd testing flag to cookies docs (#6919)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/third-party-cookie-phase-out/index.md

description: >
  Learn how to audit your code to look for third-party cookies and what action you can take to ensure you're all set for the end of third-party cookies.
date: 2023-05-17

> updated: 2023-07-25

Author: ```suggestion
updated: 2023-07-27
```

Make sure to review your cookies and have a list of those set with the `SameSite=None`. These are the cookies for which you will need to take action to ensure they keep functioning properly.
{% endAside %}

## Debugging cookies

One way to identify third-party cookies in your code base is to search for cookies containing `SameSite=None`.

Another option is to browse through your site with third-party cookies blocked on your machine and use DevTools to investigate any potential breakage.

> You can block third-party cookies from Chrome settings or by [running Chrome from the command line](https://www.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/run-chromium-with-flags/), version 115 or higher, with the flag `--test-third-party-cookies-phaseout` or `–-enabled-features=ForceThirdPartyCookieBlocking`.

Author: Can you clarify what's the difference?

> You can block third-party cookies from Chrome settings or by [running Chrome from the command line](https://www.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/run-chromium-with-flags/), version 115 or higher, with the flag `--test-third-party-cookies-phaseout` or `–-enabled-features=ForceThirdPartyCookieBlocking`.

Author: ```suggestion
In Chrome version 115 or higher, you can test the browser behavior after third-party cookie phase out by [running Chrome from the command line](https://www.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/run-chromium-with-flags/) with the flag `--test-third-party-cookies-phaseout` or `–-enabled-features=ForceThirdPartyCookieBlocking`. This will block third-party cookies, and also enable third-party storage partitioning and [First-Party Sets](/docs/privacy-sandbox/first-party-sets).
```

> In Chrome version 115 or higher, you can test the browser behavior after third-party cookie phase out by [running Chrome from the command line](https://www.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/run-chromium-with-flags/) with the flag `--test-third-party-cookies-phaseout` or `–-enabled-features=ForceThirdPartyCookieBlocking`. This will block third-party cookies, and also enable third-party storage partitioning and [First-Party Sets](/docs/privacy-sandbox/first-party-sets).

Reviewer: If you want to use `--enable-features` then the switch is actually equivalent to `--enable-features=ForceThirdPartyCookieBlocking,FedCmWithoutThirdPartyCookies,ThirdPartyStoragePartitioning`. Switches are capable of enabling multiple features.

> In Chrome version 115 or higher, you can test the browser behavior after third-party cookie phase out by [running Chrome from the command line](https://www.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/run-chromium-with-flags/) with the flag `--test-third-party-cookies-phaseout` or `–-enabled-features=ForceThirdPartyCookieBlocking`. This will block third-party cookies, and also enable third-party storage partitioning and [First-Party Sets](/docs/privacy-sandbox/first-party-sets).

Reviewer: Actually it only enables 3P cookie blocking, storage partitioning, and FedCM. It enables the "Allow related sites to see activity" setting that enables FPS in chrome://settings/cookies, but it does not enable the First-Party Sets features.

To enable FPS, you need to include `--enable-features="FirstPartySets:FirstPartySetsClearSiteDataOnChangedSets/1,StorageAccessAPI,StorageAccessAPIForOriginExtension,PageInfoCookiesSubpage,PrivacySandboxFirstPartySetsUI"` in the command life. [Ref](https://first-party-sets.glitch.me/)

> In Chrome version 115 or higher, you can test the browser behavior after third-party cookie phase out by [running Chrome from the command line](https://www.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/run-chromium-with-flags/) with the flag `--test-third-party-cookies-phaseout` or `–-enabled-features=ForceThirdPartyCookieBlocking`. This will block third-party cookies, and also enable third-party storage partitioning and [First-Party Sets](/docs/privacy-sandbox/first-party-sets).

Author: ```suggestion
In Chrome version 115 or higher, you can test the browser behavior after third-party cookie phase out by [running Chrome from the command line](https://www.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/run-chromium-with-flags/) with the flag `--test-third-party-cookies-phaseout`. This will block third-party cookies, enable third-party storage partitioning and [FedCM](/docs/privacy-sandbox/fedcm), and enable Chrome UI settings for First-Party Sets (["Allow related sites to see your activity in the group"](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=EN#zippy=%2Callow-related-sites-to-access-your-activity)).
```

> One way to identify third-party cookies in your code base is to search for cookies containing `SameSite=None`.
> 
> Another option is to browse through your site with third-party cookies blocked on your machine and use DevTools to investigate any potential breakage.
> 
> In Chrome version 115 or higher, you can test the browser behavior after third-party cookie phase out by [running Chrome from the command line](https://www.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/run-chromium-with-flags/) with the flag `--test-third-party-cookies-phaseout`. This will block third-party cookies, enable [third-party storage partitioning](/docs/privacy-sandbox/storage-partitioning) and [FedCM](/docs/privacy-sandbox/fedcm), and enable Chrome UI settings for [First-Party Sets](docs/privacy-sandbox/first-party-sets-integration) (["Allow related sites to see your activity in the group"](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=EN#zippy=%2Callow-related-sites-to-access-your-activity)).
> 
> To learn more about DevTools features you can use to investigate third-party cookies check out [the instructions on chromium.org](https://www.chromium.org/Home/chromium-privacy/privacy-sandbox/third-party-cookie-phaseout/).
> 

Author: ```suggestion
One way to identify third-party cookies in your code base is to search for cookies containing `SameSite=None`.

Another option is to browse through your site with third-party cookies blocked on your machine and use DevTools to investigate any potential breakage. 

To learn more about DevTools features you can use to investigate third-party cookies check out [the instructions on chromium.org](https://www.chromium.org/Home/chromium-privacy/privacy-sandbox/third-party-cookie-phaseout/).

In Chrome version 115 or higher, you can test the browser behavior after third-party cookie phase out by [running Chrome from the command line](https://www.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/run-chromium-with-flags/) with the flag `--test-third-party-cookies-phaseout`. This will block third-party cookies, enable [third-party storage partitioning](/docs/privacy-sandbox/storage-partitioning) and [FedCM](/docs/privacy-sandbox/fedcm), and enable Chrome UI settings for [First-Party Sets](docs/privacy-sandbox/first-party-sets-integration) (["Allow related sites to see your activity in the group"](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=EN#zippy=%2Callow-related-sites-to-access-your-activity)).

```
